my brother on the rapala stand fred
pro team team member rapala likes them
fishing guides also also to the
place you have huge prevents on this
living room
Fishing is the living room also is
the fishing lounge so so good
have adventure fishing you are us
are here to give people a
maximum of information so if we did not
no power program is longer
to make him feel sorry for them
total bar who wishes to give back
the energy the fishing present energy I
think that 8 of this sensor in format at
rapala us the people who are present
an energy manage their referral we see
besides on the stand also did
not that flap the season are people
who live daily with the
leaders it's really fishing have
rocket heard its kind the paccots
decode their are subject incite the
people also go to the water's edge is
observed at the 3d the game the unions and
he often fails to observe his morals
so that the players in the world
I do not have the same language as the others
I need time given to the
console version for him this is the
trouble to make you discover their
practices to their
how is it going on the show
this year we have the impression that
a lot of people a lot more than
world
the other elements that play very
clear the young generation any simple
as usual minutes he has
today I launched because we have to
always the crowds his 20th complained
the same reasons
a lot of people but roller who got me
not people who are both on the
value in the living room of interested people
if so when I hear the
current spouse is not good
people do not have morale
so are they coming here to get
raise the spirits of students we are here
for that too
there you present the novelties rapala
in the basin it's not a profession said
feel two throws at 5m each
we are tired the end of the day
as shad as if they were to pass
a fishing day is not to launch
to bring back who tires us is to speak
and the hubbub ecom lounge that me
talked about novelty is not there only for
talk to me and we find
then then you can take project
I am there are many things to show
among the novelties I have the impression
the first in this term in his eyes on
small models including small
chad we have the novelty we find
a multi george clan jammed the
members usually the upholstery is
in test of the predators they are happy
they are sought mayor of models
peugeot
this is the new method is true that
for more call ricochet or
really to the behavior of the fish and
this is the table to vote because
it's a chicken with for the perch for
Pike are the colors gold
flashy colors paris
send calculation or and know that this is
beautiful it would be beautiful spending here
it's the ip milk that's a drop
usually he is a very tempted man
for use then we use what
I made that total we do not use the
faith have grown it's long but it's
especially the level of the balls
its sonority soleure its causes and
musicians of their game the knowledge of
the defeat in good health is already
gave rise to these Belgians everywhere
includes 10 the range of a beautiful
depth the mouse know know
the extent last year on the video
to call at the neighbors were too
noise What is underwater
actually it wants to put breaks
maybe even you are sometimes the
fish ears a lot of these
four fish scenarios for example
but I 'm going to behave
aggressive it's just to attack
profile adjustments
it is a decoy but
flower market are more or less 10
for her more or less here the goods
so are he going to come alive
she does the yes it is necessary to bomber nivet and
masters investments in water and he
there is no drink will target the
contest the drinks to observe the
movement is so always in sochi
god we're going and you're not going
value an ad indicated as daka who
we were serving bearing and so according
the impartial not too disappointed 1602 is going
sleeping with lures that makes
zonings
so this is for this volume is on the side
ramallah
the senator we thought the visit is
left a lot of policed world to the kind
July peaches 14 years made with 10 14
may be under the letter that one would believe in
2007 an area of lyon is amply
fictional on the plateaus are without
doubt the caroline and is good in this
sense in a guy at the systematic their
to say that their the straight line and of
left the new greens and
different contracts good you have here at
the church we are a complement we are going
first pass the lynnfield x right
also to follow
10:14 does not deny human rights
especially deserved a real
amplitude revolution so the honor
nine all alone this morning life totally
as we say we raise nothing and
but no, it will be necessary
turn the crank theirs on their own
goes swaying drogba happened there is a
thing that I want to clarify is
do not bring drowning back for a long time
in color and from Seville or that he has to
right almost in linear and that's
to approve the following already taken have
had to save lives but in fact we know
how was the season beyond
new products on the pro level
directly voice are simply
the tests that were carried out until
next they did a season on his
trays the 12th special t he how the
I have the customers love to play the
turn we will see desert
I loved at the time with new
the time the care precisions how
the gt building started flying again
scattered to mass import bought
last year that nassim is right behind
so in the mediators of puidoux
shortcuts like a serious Belgian
emotions pinter fish concert it stays
more often but we do not know if the
other regions it allows you to
drop so if you want to know everything
today illustration with all the
world in general with global
a fifth to a demonstrator panel
who's going to keep them down pique on
the processor is very rich ya not that
a demonstrator follows the trio is not that
the big ones relate to it the game and to
prepare the pee or other category
everyone and the retail bank or
the rights he takes he does not seek
the deserts and there are some very players
precisely it's the falling yade is the
last rampart of which 5.6 is read
the gospel of theirs so I had
automatons laurent jaladeau at home I
the prices
it's incredibly i showed i
does so much to know that I am
for respect it was going to pass
today it is there and I can not see
which earned me 3 and fish I
in a hurry knowing that this is the trial of
two brothers brio thank you very much for us
have given some thanks are some
very good